“I’m from Basssisss” - Thomas
“He was a piece of white toast” - Hodge
“I love Elizabeth’s wet spaghetti chickens” - Colleen
“If you kick him he leaves you alone” - Elizabeth
“Hodge-inator” - Hodge
“Don’t worry, they were mostly white” - Harry
“Ok Shazer, I like the word thot” - Hodge
“I should join a bunch of black leagues” - Ian
“Who’s not human?”  “The amphitheater kids” - Hodge/Jacob
“How does a banner die?” - Shazer
“The Navy wants me really bad” - Elizabeth
“All secondary sources are fanfics” - Micah
“Tickle me Jesus: Squeeze my tummy” - Religious Action Figures
“Why are you biology Shazer?” - Ian
“Ok Hodge, dab on them haters” - Ian
“I ain’t got no goats” - Danoh
“Bubba Trump Shrimp Co” - Elizabeth
“They’re all from the same place” - Ian
“Yeah, so those Nazis” - Ian 
They [Nazis] looked like they came from a barbeque” - Shazer
“If Dracula was black would he be called Blackula?” - Shazer
“God would not have given us fingers if he wanted us to use forks” - pg 538
“Bust a nut allergy. This is a nut free zone” - Elizabeth
“Everything good was made in America” - Dan
“God was born in America” “I’m a Mormon too” - Unknown/Dan
“The one time I’m in the 1%” - Dan
“Pineapple. It’s spiney and it looks like it came from Hell” - Ian
“Like the song says, we’re taking care of business” - Dean of Students
“There’s nothing like a good arm in the morning” - Jacob
“Cannibalism is going to happen” - Hodge
“Who would win: ⅓ of Europe or  rat” - Ian
“They’re all weird yellow people” - Aidan
“Can I get, uhhhhhhh, a Corona kid?” - Joe
“Lord of the Flies with extra steps” - Jacob
“Don’t say Dark Ages, it’s euro-centristic” - Ian
“Why are they called Musketeers if they use rapiers” - Shazer
“What’s your favorite type of sword” - Ian
“I do not look like Joan of Arc” - Hodge
“And to think I bore this child” - Hodge
“No, Jesus is the Pope” - Ian
“Joan of Arc was a battle mage” - Aidan
“Hodge, you look good with a beard” - Natalie
“Would a glass of ice water be considered soup” - Ian
“Is cooking real?” - Erin
“Trump has butt hole lips” - Whiteboard
“Does the word ‘hussie’ come from Hussite?” - Elizabeth
“Wasn’t Martin Luther in the 1960’s?” - Ian
“What would happen if a 60 year old man has an ID here?” - Micah
“Everybody gets a Pope” - Unknown
“I can’t even write that down as a quote because it needs so much context” - Joe
“Not my King, #NotMyPope” - Harry/Elizabeth
“If you play your cards right you’re already good” - Micah
“My dogs love Dr. Pepper” - Harry
“Love. God’s gift to America” - Ian
“I know you’re thirsty but this is a male only drinking fountain” - Ian
“Are you trying to erase his history” - Micah
“Watch it wiggle, see it jiggle, and it ain’t jello either” - Hodge
“I have a white one on this arm and a black one on this arm” - Elizabeth
“She [Hodge] has the domestic life on the weekend” - Elizabeth
“We are listening to yiff noises” - Micah
“The tails that stick in you” - Jacob
“There's the ear level and there's the fursuit level” - Elizabeth
“Do you want to know why fursuits are banned at school?” - Micah
“It’s not my fault I was raised in Suburbia” - Joe
“There might be some naked” - Hodge
“Protector of Italian virginity” - A Knight's Tale
“I ain’t got no quotes” - Joe
“You remind me of the Bible” - A Knight’s Tale
“He has a big stick though” - Dan
“The Pope may be French but Jesus is English” - A Knight’s Tale
“There’s no sex in this only making out” - Hodge
“Nine months later!” - Forbes
“I was profiled this morning” - Ian
“Speaking of creepy things people say” - Ian
“He killed more than six million people” “Oh whatever” - Jacob/Joe
“Joseph Stalin killed even more” “Who’s counting” - Hodge/Ian
“It’s communism, it’s infinitely better” - Elizabeth
“Where’d Joe go” “I think he was distressed” - Natalie/Jacob
“I was trying to make genocide jokes that would have been bad” - Ian
“Jake you support slavery?!” - Danoh
“Tell that to her, she’s always mad that I can’t hear her” - Elizabeth
“I’m a Fieri” - Bryce Tooker
“We should just tattoo our ID on our wrists” - Shazer
“You love your mom but you are afraid of her” - Shazer
“It’s lukewarm lasagna” - Dan
“I wish I could write that sound down as a quote” - Joe
“Your Subjects and You: How to Act Around Your Inferiors” - Harry
“The internet is blocked on school wifi” - Shazer
“Make Wikipedia Credible Again” - Ian
“It wasn’t Judas, it was Cookie Monster” - Shazer
“All famous art is fan art” - Unknown
“AP LEGO” - Unknown
“AP Nazism” - Unknown
“He was the son of Pope Alexander VI” - Hodge
“I miss the House of Un-American Activities Committee, that was fun” - Joe
“Attack on Mexican” - Elizabeth
“I realized communism is impractical” - Jacob
“What s a  microaggression? Is it like the holocaust or something” - Dan
“Joe it’s pulsing” - Jacob
“This flow makes no sense” - Hodge
“I have a teachers edmodo account” - Joe
“It’s kinda like them freaking out about what’s on your laptop” - Hodge
“Who was calling who nerds” - Hodge
“Stop it Stephen Hawking” - Joe
“You piece of trash” - Ian
“Nerds” - Natalie
“He starts hating himself and we just laugh” - Joe
“You don’t hear someone chanting 666 before it happens” - Jacob
“What does the MC in MC HAmmer stand for” - Harry
“Come on you can do better than John” - Shazer
“It’s so yellow” - Jacob
“You’re not a real communist” - Elizabeth
“That’s a nice spicy quote” - Jacob
“It’s just violent stripping” - Jacob
“You mean, Jewice” - Elizabeth
“Shazer got some really good meat on his bones” - Dan
“There is still honor amongst cannibals” - Dan
“Law is space Hitler” - Ian
“Where do you draw the line of where it stops becoming cannibalism” - Dan
“When we eat a banana we are 50% cannibal” - Dan
“Mr Thornton doesn't understand the fact that dogs are greater than humans” - Ian
“Dogs are like Jesus, fully wolf and fully god” - Ian
“Check your privilege” - Ian
“If you don’t like poppy seed you’re a fascist” - Harry
“Someone gives you a giant horse and you're like ‘nah that's not coming in my house’” - Dan
“Those are fighting words Dan watch your mouth” - Elizabeth
“Oh hey I’m broke too” - Shazer
“Space Buddha” - Dan^2
“Space Stalin” - Dan
“Space Kim Jong Un, he’s really weak but he has nukes now” - Dan
“Space Mao ze Dong” - Dan
“I might be getting sick but no one comes near me anyways so it's fine” - Adam
“I feel dead people” - Dan
“That just sounds like necrophilia to me” - Thomas
“Look at how Dan red is getting” - Jacob
“One Dan has blonde hair blue eyes and one Dan is Jewish” - Ian
“All Dan's rule equally in a Danarchy” - Dan
“If everyone is Dan than no one is Dan” - Dan
“Danoh is a second class Dan” - Dan
“You need females Dans” - Dan
“They’re Jewish [The Berenstain Bears] what do you want!!!” - Jacob
“Corona is the serfdom of school” - Dan
“Joe’s my wife” - Jacob
“Just because you’re Jewish doesn't mean you can hate on Catholicism” Elizabeth
“Just because you’re Jewish doesn't mean you can be a Anti-Semite” - Joe
“That’s my spirit noise” - Elizabeth
“How should we spell women” - Joe
“Their like Conservative Christians of trans people” - Dan
“Shut up Bernie” - Jacob
“I am Greek actually” “ No you’re Jewish” - Jacob/Danoh
“My family traces back to Africa, but I look like a can of mayonnaise” - Micah
“Jewagraphical” - Harry
“Send me some of your powers” “Just be depressed” - Ian/Micah
“I don't want your depression I want your power” - Ian
“Who would win: Half of Texas or two Swirly Bois” - Ian
“It’s always bigger in Texas, even hurricanes” - Elizabeth
“Mother Nature is playing Mortal Combat with Texas” - Ian
“The earth is a bit more than 20 million tons” - Ian
“Let them use their analytical DBQ skills” - Jacob
“Oh you’re sad?? Well I’m depressed!!” - Ian
“I had a dream I killed Trump” - Morgan
“We were in Waco, Texas for some reason” - Morgan
“That’s how I looked as a kid” - Dan
“You can tell he hasn't been skipping leg day” - Dan
“That looks like an edible arrangment” - Elizabeth
“Cults are fun, because you always have a friend” - Dan
“I know yall don’t do anything in this class” - Matthew
“Ian, I found a black person who’s actually whiter than you” - Dan
“(sung to pokemon song) I wanna be the very whitest, like no one ever was” - Joe
“What the h*ck is Waco, Texas” - Ian
“Monica Lewinsky did 9/11” - Dan
“I wonder if their using the same presidents as us” - Miles
“Putin did 9/11” - Jacob
“Joe is like 20 years old” - Dan
“I still look like I’m 12” - Joe
“I used to think I was ugly, but I’m fine now” - Elizabeth
“It looks like a parasite” - Dan
“Shogo Ono, the wife of John Lennon” - Harry
“Proto-Communism” - Harry
“Is that a pacemaker or are you just excited to see me?” - Jacob
“I’m adding him to the time travel hit list” - Dan
“Newton created gravity” - Dan
“(Ghostbusters song)Who you gonna call?? CPS” - Joe
“Dr. Suess must have been high all the time, he was on LSD” - Dan
“With that much material it would take all day to take it off” - Hodge
“Because that's what normal people do, this is the renaissance” - Joe
“If you make a song like Thriller, you should be allowed to touch some kids” - Danoh
“G-d was jealous of the Devil” - Dan
“What is wrong with you, you threw it right into Shazer, overthrow the Danarchy” - Ian
“All’s fair in Dan and war” - Joe
“I could probably beat you” - Erin
“The Danarchy failed when it tried to invade Palestine” - Joe
“Dude the Holocaust really happened, it says it right here” - Danoh
“Hodge leaves the room for 2 minutes and we are already hunting communists” - Adam
“Why Secret Stalin, why not Secret Mao Zedong” - Ian
“(Steve Harvey)Survey says, I’m going to destroy Houston” - Dan
“Joe has a mom?” - Hodge
“Wow you mean he [Joe] wasn't summoned from hell” - Elizabeth
“He [Joe] wasn't sculpted out of mayonnaise” - Aidan
“It’s not like it matters, it’s not American history” - Dan
“I don’t start paying attention to earthquakes till it’s at least 9” - Dan
“If you don’t say anything that’s consent” - Joe
“Homosexuality: How boys become men” - Jacob
“Italians are woke” - Shazer
“Mayonnaise or history” - Ian
“All Nazi’s have AIDS” - Nick
“What are you guys arguing about” “Slavery” - Hodge/Ian
“9/11 isn't real, it's all a government coverup” - Dan
“Its called humor learn how to use it” - Natalie
“No one should try in this class” - Micah
“I still have your moms number” - Ian
“Moon slaves” - Joe
“The minute the constitution fades away we have no rights” - Dan
“Once the ink fades away we become Nazi Germany” - Dan
“The lanyard Nazi chased me down” - Dan
“Literally half our quotes everyday are Nazi quotes” - Jacob
“In the same way that late stage capitalism leads to communism, late stage chickens leads to fascism” - Harry
“Fascism: You have two cows, the government takes them and shoots the juice” - Dan
“Guillotine and gas chamber both start with ‘G’” - Dan
“Also Gulag” - Harry
“AP Nazis” - Dan
“Anything’s ok as long as it’s ironic” - Harry
“No Nazi Tuesday” - Joe
“Communism is fine” - Jacob
“How much pot can you pull before it becomes communism” - Ian
“You should trust the banks to not be sleazy” “HA” - Erin/Hodge
“He’s more Jewish than Catholic” - Jacob
“Fill the Grand Canyon with concrete” - Dan
“Trump X Grand Canyon resort” - Joe
“I’m just trying to imagine Trump f*cking the Grand Canyon” - Aidan
“Trump tries to fill every hole” - Dan
“We need American Popes” - Dan
“Make the Papacy great again” - Harry
“So the whole purpose of AP World is to get into Euro. Euro-centrism is real” - Dan
“Hannah I don’t want your logic, I just want answers” - Joe
“No it’s not you lying ass hoe” - Natalie
“Yaaaay Christians” - Jacob
“This is where we get to blame the Christians for everything” - Ian
“They should call hurricanes, himmicanes” - Ian
“Why you gotta misgender them, it’s theyicanes” - Jacob
“We should change the name of haboobs” “haballs” - Hodge/Joe
“What are we gonna, sue a hurricane” - Adam
“Ticketmaster for heaven” - Forbes
“Let me pay 50 sins ahead” - Hodge
“The pope had numerous affairs” “YES” - Hodge/Joe
“I’ve been held by a strange wet man” - Aidan
“Who are we to play g-d. Why do we save one and not them all” - Matthew
“The only acceptable genocide is the gamer genocide” - Dan
“Or they go to crack and die” - Joe
“Martin Luther was the king of the Protestants” - Joe
“That ain't no bull” - Harry
“Why do you have a choke chain?” - Hodge
“That’s a 16-incher” - Hodge
“We’ve had 48 superbowls but only 44 presidents” - Erin
“That’s the most Protestant thing I’ve ever heard” “That’s because it literally is” - Ian/Dan
“We should go full on Jew, I want the pizza party” - Erin
“I identify as ken the barbie doll, I’m all smooth down there” - Jacob
“Do we have a Nazi one” - Joe
“I see Martin Luther as the rappin for Jesus guy” - Joe
“I’m terrifying” - Natalie
“That’s a kinky chain” - Joe
“From now on I’m not going to wear clothes” - Dan
“Oh Hannah it’s lit” - Joe
“I’m the one C!!!!” - Joe
“Donald Trump is a natural disaster” - Misha
“Hurricane Trump” - Dan
“That's why you just get a harem” - Dan
“I wanna be Joseph Smith” - Micah
“AP Pants” - Joe
“G-d is making human cookies. You can’t tell whether or not you’re baked” - Hodge
“Is that a one night stand in the Mormon church?” - Dan
“I must answer the call of my people” “ So that's what Hebrew is” - Jacob/Joe
“Not in my good Christian school” - Natalie
“How are we supposed to be expected to read it if their aren't any religious wars yet” - Harry
“Don’t hate the player hate the game” - Dan
“No waifu no laifu” - Ian(King Henry the VIII)
“So they executed her and she turned into a dog” - Dan
“The church is a scam” - Aidan
“Who would win, the church or a diss track with 95 bars” - Ian
“How do you spell” - Thomas
“95 Reasons Why, Only on Netflix” - Ian
“Jew puns” - Elizabeth
“The thiccest thighs get all the guys” - Sam
“The biggest boobs get all the lube” - Elizabeth 
“The biggest pecs get all the sex” - Aidan
“Even if it's a quicky wrap that sticky” - Jacob
“That's actually good advice though” - Sam
“The Jewish ones just sound like they have money involved” - Danoh
“NSFW: Not Suitable For Women” - Joe
“What's happening in this class, they’re singing the USSR national anthem and they’re looking up the gay bible” - Adam
“What if North Korea was a dog and China was the owner and the dog bites the owner?” “You eat the dog” - Ian/Joe
“The UN is us but with extra steps” - Ian
“I’m just gonna go back to reading Game of Thrones” - Hodge
“Southern exit, or as I like to call it, sexit” - Harry
“The only reason Arizona is great is because it's in America” - Ian
“If you drown in weed is it seaweed” - Micah
“Quote machine broke. Understandable have a nice day” - No One
“These are my babies” - Hodge
“If Trimble could get into the forest he could win” - Dan
“Are you being culturally ignorant by wearing that?” “Yes and I’m very proud” - Shazer/Hodge
“Imagine if Martinez and Bonecrusher went against each other” “Martinez would kick his a**” - Elizabeth/Hodge
“Morgan would make some chemical weapon” - Ian
“Who would be the first teacher to die” “Charlene” “I was gonna say Bart” - Dan, Elizabeth, Dan
“She would try and do the same thing as Mr Morgan and kill herself” - Joe
“Teacher Hunger Games: Coming Summer 2018” - No One
“Does anyone happen to have an empty fire hydrant” - Morgan
“All we need is a death note” - Ian
“Arab Spring 2: electric boogaloo” - Harry
“Who would win: 320 million Americans or 19 million North Koreans” - Joe
“1452, Christopher Columbus murdered the Jews” - Aidan
“(Playing Hava Nagila) Yes, give it to me (Starts dancing)” - Joe
“AP Euro: your daily dose of communism” - Natalie
“Can you imagine a southern Australian accent” - Ian
“Like Didgeridoo”- Dan
“Make Canada pay for the Wall”- Dan
“We should replace all our maple syrup with lobsters” - Dan
“Is it our personal right to shoot down American bombers?” - Harry
“Schrodinger’s War: If no one’s alive, did it actually happen?” - Joe
“Who would win: the whole population above the 38th parallel or one chubby boi” - Ian
“Hermandaddies” - Aidan
“I think I saw something like that in the Syrian Civil War” - Erin
“I salute you sir” - Dan
“It doesn't hurt you, it doesn't hurt me” - Hodge
“Religious torture, it’s not such a bad thing” - Joe
“Winter is coming, Hitler is coming” - Joe
“50 shades darker leaked” - Joe
“Tortures fun as long as there’s a safe word” - Jacob
“Tortures fun as long as it’s with a Jew” - Elizabeth
“Is that Hogwarts” - Aidan
“Sounds like a Family Guy musical number” - Ian
“This is actually the scariest thing about the Catholics, the nuns” - Dan
“Guacamole recipe brings Republicans and Democrats together” - AZCentral
“The crack pipe was not full and he did not smoke it” - Joe
“They [France] keep their population by running away from other battles” - Adam
“In the penal colony” “heh, penal” - Dan/Joe
“If I haven't experienced it it’s not actually real” - Shazer
“Because Spad talked about Nuremberg” - Joe
“Looks like Rwanda in the 1990s” - Jacob
“Morass: it’s what all teenage boys want” - Hodge
“He did his own theme music out” - Hannah
“Why was he holding an inflated condom” - Thomas
“Ian was banging on the boys dressing room” - Hannah
“They landed in manure” “That's a pretty shitty way to fall out of a tower” - Dan/Jacob
“AP Metallica” - Dan
“There's been a quote drought this week” “We will return to your regularly scheduled program next week” - Jacob/Ian
“Spanish Civil War 2: Electric Boogaloo” - Harry
“You gotta test it it’s fiji water” - Ian
“Touched by kids” - Ian
“That’s fountain of youth water right there” - Dan
“*Sees Syphilis*, Oh yeah Homecoming” - Dan
“Freedom is a staple of America” - Joe
“Why did that tissue box say ‘Bush did 9/11’” - Ian
“[To Ian] What’s wrong with you. You literally just ruined my day” - Dan
“He looks like an imp” - Shazer
“Known for sensual nudes” - Hodge
“RIP. Your on your own” - Elizabeth
“[Elizabeth] She’s a cougar!!” - Hodge
“Don’t do that, you’ll summon Zombie Hitler” - Harry
“Cut. Knife. Accident. Yeah” - Dan
“Welcome back to AP Swords” - Joe
“You guys should see how Jacob types, it’s giving me cancer” - Misha
“If you make a white sculpture of a black man, is that racist” - Danoh
“Just 3D print diamonds” - Micah
10//5/17
“Its socialism for grades” - Ian
“Can you look up slavery” - Ian
“Yeah Harry bing bing bong. You know what that means” - Dan
“Out of context it's not racist” - Ian
“[Regrading Opera] Don’t you just love listening to people scream at the top of their lungs” “Don't you listen to metal” - Jacob/Ian
“You mean I’m teaching you culture” - Forbes
“I have a whole classroom of cultural ignorant children” - Hodge
“Pass the dongle” - Ian
“Just a single Du Hast” - Joe
“AP Culture” - Micah
“It’s clean enough” - Misha
“[walks in] I leave for thirty minutes!! [class dancing to YMCA]” - Dan
“I don’t know. Free country?” - Ian
“[angrily] Scalia!” - Harry
“Scalia is the Donald Trump of the Supreme Court” - Ian
“Fine Jina” - Dan
“Have you or a family member been diagnosed with Scalia? Then you may be entitled to voter recounts.” - Joe/Harry
“The boat sank. He drowned. Good riddance.” - Hodge
“Quote Machine Broke” - Watching Movie
“Awwwwww. Good dog” - Jacob
“Roll out the guillotine” - Dan
“Quote Machine Broke” - Watching Movie
“Top Ten Anime Entrances of All Time” - Joe
“What crack is he smoking?” - Hodge
“Robespierre did nothing wrong” - Dan
“That’s not French” - Ian
“Sometimes there are more important things in life than a good pair of tits” - Movie
“That’s not a pig it’s a unicorn” - Dan
“Welcome back to AP Swords” - Joe
“[Banging head on wall] Corona del Sol Percussion class” - Shazer
“[Banging head on wall] Its Sri” - Jacob
“This is how Beauty and the Beast starts” - Joe
“They had 35 million dollars to make this movie. And this is what they made” - Dan
“Walking into the barn naked, so it would seem” - Movie
“Thicc cow” - Elizabeth
“Jews can’t take all the stars” - Shazer
“IT’S THE PRICE IS RIGHT” - Shazer
“I relate to this movie because I have a French middle name” - Ian
“Bless me father for I have sinned” “So have I” - Movie
“Its Judgement Day” “Sounds like a one liner from Die Hard or Terminator” - Movie/Dan
[King Louie messes up] “Mission failed, we’ll get em next time” “Requesting Evac” - Adam/Ian
“I’d rather die covered in my own blood than an old man lying in my own piss” “Me too” - Movie/Jacob
“[All miss their shots] They are the first Stormtroopers” - Adam
“You could have died better” “CUT. Do it again” - Thomas/Jacob
“Hold on D’artagnan. I’ll never let go” - Kenny
“How many daddies does he have?” - Joe
“Arson’s only ok when it's outside of school” - Dan
“That’s not how my knee is supposed to work” - Natalie
“What can we provide to the public” “Gay Porn” - Dano/Matt
“Its getting annoying walking out of my house every day ready to kill someone” - Natalie
“All my quotes are stupid” - Natalie
“King of the gays” - Joe
“I’m mostly leg” - Natalie
“Let's just watch memes” - Harry
“The angry black woman stereotype. Remember I went to KMS” - Ian
“[Calculators] It’s against my religion” - Micah
“Big difference between a kindergarten who shits his pants and a high schooler who makes you shit your pants” - Jacob
“In middle school, everyone shits their pants” - Dan
“I finally got to the good part of Mein Kampf” - Erin
“How do I quote what just happened here” - Jacob
“DDDAAAAAAAAAANNNNNN” - Kenny
“Louis the XIV invented the man cave” - Dan
“Pleasure prison for the French nobility” - Hodge
“A formidable French army, that's ironic” - Jacob
“Corona stands for racism and oppression” - Jacob
“Casual biological warfare” - Joe
“Is he trying to make a barbershop quartet” - Harry
“Quote machine broke”
“[To Hodge] She’s already a witch so she doesn't need a costume” - Elizabeth
“Get better ears” - Micah
“Let’s get spooky!” - Jacob
“Breakfast? What’s that?” - Jacob
“Apple is 75% jew free” - Erin
“You're a third derivative” - Ian
“Naviance” - Joe
“What’s the best thing to use to get into college. Not Naviance” - Elizabeth
“Attention Juniors. Apply to college now. Naviance might catch up” - Dan
“Have you ever been to the dump?” “The store?” - Elizabeth/Joe
“I do not look like a school shooter!!!!” - Jacob
“This is very Eastern Europe. I can feel the Slavic” - Dan
“Squatting on the Serengeti” - Harry
“[Kanye] He thinks he’s G-d!” “And Trump doesn't??” - Kenny/Dan
“Imagine if we have to write a DBQ on Yeezy's” - Ian
“What is a step club! All I’m finding is strip clubs” - Jacob
“What is step. The act of walking or running” - Thomas
“What are you laughing at?” “I’m laughing at my reflection” - Hodge/Jacob
“We are having a conversation here Ian stop being a rude potato” - Jacob
“[Playing Surfin USA] It’s surfdom” - Jacob
“That reminds me, I have a hard boiled egg” -Danoh
“Hannah did you have a dream about me because I had a dream about you” - Elizabeth
“I thought you said ‘Why do you have Paganism’” - Hannah
“You are cougar girls now” - Hodge
“Ramen Noodles” - Joe
“AP Soup” - Harry
“Welcome back to AP Swords” “No this is only Honors Swords” - Jacob/Adam
“AP Silverware” - Karissa
“Get you a guy like Peter” - Thomas
“French catchphrase ‘Nous nous rendons (We Surrender)’” - Natalie/Jacob/Joe
“Don’t misgender my carrots” - Adam
“Go deeper, more intimate” “Grandmother?” - Elizabeth/Joe
“Is toilet paper necessary” - Erin
“Is Tolét Necessary. Yes or No” - Joe
“No. Its called an outhouse sweetheart” - Elizabeth
“When are we not talking about communism in here” “When we are talking about fascism” - Hodge/Harry
“Go to Louisiana. Roll Tide” “I don’t blame you Jacob you don't know better” - Jacob/Joe
“If you are a libertarian you are required to go door to door and tell people” “That's for sex offenders” “What's the difference” - Dan/Harry/Dan
“Because of the ears” - Ian
“Does Sri smell like garbage or does garbage smell like Sri” - Jacob
“Gotta get those whales to believe in Jesus” - Thomas
“Ocean Mormons” - Joe
“Bible of Capitalism” - Hodge
“Wait who kicked me out” - Adam Johnson
No Quotes
No Quotes
“I’m sorry, I’m just an ignorant Jew” - Jacob
“You're on a teachers salary you don’t have to be that excited” - Adam
“To be fair, you have to have a high IQ to understand thot questions” - Micah
“Begone THOT…..questions” - Micah
“Get memed” - Harry
“No I don't want hitler go away” - Jacob
“If you're too afraid to say a joke in this class you know it’s bad” - Micah
“Kim Jung Un Rompers” - Zach
“Its Phineas and Ferb, not drugs” - Joe
“(Soviet anthem playing) We were talking about dogs. Come on” - Harry
“Hey kids, choose Phineas and Ferb, not radical islamic terrorism” - Ian
Quote Machine Broke
“Don't sign anything, it’s legally binding” “Not if you are drunk” - Hodge/Micah
“Is that a shotgun in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me” - Jacob
“What does that have to do with Guy Fox. Oh I thought you meant Guy Fieri” - Jacob
“Let's take Parliament to FLAVORTOWN” - Ian
“Pthot Pquestions, the p’s are silent” - Joe
“Can you get AIDS from a mosquito” - Danoh
“Is a mosquito a metaphor for something” - Micah
“That's Satan giving you a big fat no-no” - Jacob
“There's nothing wholesome about a Jew” “There’s wholesale” - Jacob/Joe
“Bank of aMEMEica” - Joe
“Flavortown can't help us right now” - Joe
“If I can hide 20 pounds of Heroin in my closet, you can hide a 20 pound cat in yours” - Jacob
“I don't believe that, I don't think you have a closet” - Joe
“AP Bitches” - Micah
“Who are we talking about, Billy Rae Cyrus?” - Morgan
“It’s like an economy to come in here and use the microwave” - Ian
“Don't you always get dinged for jeans?” - Jacob
“AP Rock” - Jacob
“Its touching me I’ll die” “@ Me” - Hodge/Thomas
“AP Geology” - Joe
“Post Traumatic Spad Disorder” - Micah
“Hodge is being observed today so keep it low key” - Ian
“I can hardly wait for the quiz tomorrow” - Morgan
“I showered this morning” “That doesn't make a difference” - Elizabeth/Hodge
“If you can't speak your dead” - Joe
“No mutes in comp gov” - Elizabeth
“Flat earth? More like box earth” - Jacob
“I said minecraft, then he said mein kampf” - Harry
“Minecraft, mine kampf, tomato tomato” - Joe
“Did you get an easy A on the mein kampf book? Then it was your struggle” - Micah
“I could teach from the back counter” “Yeah but your little legs would hang off” - Hodge/Elizabeth
“I don’t live on a farm” “Are you a sharecropper then?” - Hodge/Micah
“Slavery never ended. Someone call Black Lives Matter” - Ian
“That ain't Kentucky honey, thats Missouri” - Hodge
“You drink beer out of buckets” - Hodge
“It’s more likely to be a furry than a dog at corona” - Dan
“Have you ever heard dogs bark at once” “Have you ever heard me cry” - Ian/Micah
“There could be a furry in APUSH” “Yeah its Hodge” - Micah/Jacob
“Why are you depressed today” “What do you mean just today” - Hodge/Micah
“Is today onesie day or furry day” - Miles
“The reason the french eat snails is because the snails can't run away” - Aidan
“Wait Jacob’s jewish?” - Danoh
“[The American Revolution] The only war that really matters” - Dan
“Cuz UPS drivers get their ear cut off often” - Joe
“You've never shown your ears in this class” - Elizabeth
“They didn’t have Common Core” “No they had real education” - Hodge/Jacob
“Common Christian Core” - Ian
“Country project? Like Yehaw” - Morgan
“GamersKnowHow Joe” - Youtube Channel
“Since Notch made this game and he is Swedish, this is european history” - Dan
“AP Minecraft” - Adam
“AP Joe Ross”- Joe
“Give him an IOU for student debt” - Joe
“That's why Republicans are afraid of people crossing the border: Al-Quesadilla” - Dan
“Its China somewhere” - Micah
“Rousseau firmly believes in spankings for the good sir” - Elisabeth
“I’m a dirty girl” - Elizabeth
“Its called Mein Kampf, not Minecraft” - Micah
“Nazi Germany was pay to win” - Micah
“Fun to play with, not to eat” - Joe
“Micahtransactions” - Dan
“In the bee movie they hotbox the bees” - Micah
“Warren G. Hardon” Micah
“You have 4 of 6 quotes” “Its cuz I’m depressed” - Jacob/Micah
“Is someone Jewish here. Jacob!!” - Joe
“In a perfect world men like Trump wouldn't exist” - Harry
“In a perfect world we would all be communists” - Joe
“In a perfect world everyone would be Jewish” - Micah
“Jewish Communism” - Karissa
“My daughter the horned pig” “Well I take after you” - Elizabeth/Hodge
“Let's go watch Sean workout” - Misha
“If water is water, it’s water” - Jacob
“What’s the difference between herpes and a tiny penis? I dont have herpes” - Shazer
“I will never break to a Jew” - Joe
“I assume I’m a legal resident” - Elizabeth
“Hebrew is a dead language. The Holocaust happened” - Micah
“We are not in middle school anymore” “No we’ve moved on to different animals” - Hodge/Micah
“Thats a fat whippet” - Hodge
“Maybe its that fat purple lady that you hate” - Elizabeth
“Put your phone away, she [Hodge] wants this work done” - The sub
“This is due at the end of the period [laughter]” - The sub
“I’m not hacking the mainframe” - Jacob
“Teachers not here today, where's your pass” - The sub
“Motorcycle Lawyer Man” - Thomas
“Don’t belittle my act of terror” - Dan
“Freelance terrorism” - Thomas
“AP Terrorism” - Dan
“Radical Freelance terrorism” - Ian
“UT Austin (University of Terrorism)” - Joe
“For the first overall pick, Al-Qaeda picks” - Dan
“Unit one got raped” - Hodge
“UT Austin (University of Terrorism)” - Joe
“Boss Tweed is always in the middle of it” - Dan
“Whats a raunchy Christmas gift I can get off of Amazon” - Morgan
“Jeb! the Great” - Dan
“Can we burn the men now” - Elizabeth
“I don't want to be left out. I’m a sexual predator” - Ian
“Occupy Shazer” - Micah
“All you have to do is make it to the Euro room and call safe zone” - Adam
“You could Sri-ek” - Elizabeth
“Canned quotes” - Hannah
“Fake Jews” - Jacob
“It may not be jew, but it may be true” - Elizabeth
“Germany gets their revenge” - Dan
“First Vancouver, then the world, then Montreal” - Harry
“How many colilitionas does it take to screw in a light bulb” - Dan
“If lost, please return to Napoleon” - Dan
“[To Elizabeth] Congrations, you have a D” “Yeah you have Aidan” - Hodge/Jacob
“Is he[Napoleon] the short one?” - Hannah
“No electronics? No pacemakers” - Micah
“It was a Russian tank, it broke itself” - Erin
“I always have heroin in my back pocket, not literally” Micah
“Did somebody say Jew!!*dramatic noise*” - Micah
“There is a solution. Heroin” - Micah
“Our coup is shorter lived than Catalonian independence” Adam
“We are all a group of idiots” “Welcome to corporate America” - Dan/Micah
“How is he going to steal the horse if he doesn't have the keys” - Erin
“The Democratic primaries in 2020 is going to be Oprah vs Kanye” - Joe
“Forbes and company are going to be shooting…” “The Jews?” - Hodge/Jacob
“Ian can be a European colony” - Joe
“The only quotes about history are about slavery” - Jacob
“Ian, do you want to be this white man's burden” - Micah
“Come on down to Jacopo car shop” - Joe
“The French Great Gatsby” - Ian
“Imagine if Duel of the Fates started playing right now” - Elizabeth
“*Gets knife put to throat* This is why you put bros before hoes” - Adam
“The one about lactating” - Hodge
“Is this Grand Theft Auto?” - Joe
“Who needs a woman when you can have Jacopo” - Elizabeth
“Let it go” “Now let's break into Frozens theme” - Movie/Hodge
“That's what they were doing, not cuddling” - Danoh
“How did you plan this? With Pleasure” “That was the first thing they took from the book” -Movie/Aidan
“MLK took one for the team” - Dan
“Who’s my daddy?” - Hodge
“Maybe we’ll find some actual plot points from the book” - Joe
“Wheres Karissa” - Natalie
“Karissa come back and do our Thot Questions for us” - Adam
“Wheres Karissa when we need her” - Jacob
“25 Thot Questions, 0 Karissas” - Thomas
“Karissa is going to be busy this quarter” - Adam
“Would American tourism go up with we put Trump in a Zoo” - Adam
“I took a train once. In Germany” - Jacob
“We don’t care” - Erin
“Does that mean stupid blacks” - Bryce
“Bring up sexy Joseph Stalin” - Joe
“Jacob you need to put some sunblock on to keep you from getting burned” - Aidan
“Your not coming back, join a cartel or something” - Elizabeth
N/A
“The Big Four: Judaism, Communism, Fascism, and Nazism” - Joe
“Just call it the Big Three, just remove Judaism” - Joe
“Dan Pace-Farr, more like Dan Race-Farr” - Danoh
“You don't go out looking like a cat, you could go to the amphitheater” - Hodge
“Wattpad has tainted me” - Natalie
“Jakeypoo what are the quotes” - Joe
“I just learned that all Vietnamese people can rip apples in half” “That how they won the war” - Ian/Joe
“Why don’t they have a Mexicanese 101” - Danoh
“Kwanzaa is just Black Hanukkah” - Ian
“If your white you have a different greeting” - Thomas
“What is the Corona experience? Cocaine” - Joe
“So I emailed a woman” - Joe
“Would it be illegal to switch pants right now” - Danoh
“If you wear two underwear that’s allowed right?” - Micah
“Why is Tempe trending? Oh good it’s a dog” - Joe
“How long does it take a cow to pergernant” - Shazer
“I feel like a white girl right now cuz all I want is some dark meat” - Shazer’s Uncle at Thanksgiving
What is the Corona experience. Respond below
1: Shazer’s Uncle
2: Woo Doggy
3: Where’s your ID
6: Water is not wet
7: Vape in the bathrooms
“If you were cheese you would be tofu” - Sam
“No but we all wear our ids so we are safe” - Dan
“Let’s give Spad an automatic rifle” - Dan
“Not if you have a pew pew pew” - Joe
“Obama personally baptized me” - Micah
“Which ribbon should I use” - Karissa
“Comp Econ” Isn't that just DECA” - Hannah/Dan
“In 2018 Australia was created” - Dan
“Australia did not exist before yesterday” - Dan
“Nobody in here has proof that Australia exists” - Adam
“We are all origami” - Dan
“It’s the Fall Out storyline without the storyline” - Erin
“Ha ha ha nuclear war” - Joe
“Smashing TVs is a gateway drug” - Micah
“What's the difference between girl scout cookies and cocaine” “Nothing I love them both - Ian/ Jacob
“What's the difference between girl scout cookies and crack. Ronald Reagan wasn't a girl scout” - Micah
“You’re telling me you dont snort girl scout cookies” “Please I inject them straight into the bloodstream” - Jacob/Thomas
“And we had to suffer in silence through Fat Salami” - Jacob
“Racism” “Fascism” “Communism” “Judaism” “Alcoholism” “Drugism” “Addiction” - Class
“AP Drugs” - Natalie
“Aspirin is a gateway drug” - Joe
“Alcoholism always fits in” - Micah
“Hey Micah say something funny, we have no quotes” “Fuck you” - Jacob/Micah
“AP Anime” - Hodge
“I had a dream about The Room” - Joe
“It means ‘alcohol of the people’” - Micah
“Volkgeist”
“Look how Russian Dan looks” - Joe
“Is there a dinosaur heaven?” - Joe
“If you are not putting crystal meth in your brownies you’re behind” - Micah
“This class is basically just my twitter in real life” - Micah
“The Moon does not exist” - Micah
“IKEA, God’s will” - Joe
“Ronald Dahl” - Jacob
“Go back, Joe wants to see titties” - Micah
“Please its my only chance” - Joe
“Joe you have a girlfriend” - Jacob
“Joe saw titties today, right after highschool” “NOO” - Elizabeth/Joe
“And if Tchaikovsky is a lesbian, ChykeaDyke” - Joe
“Did you touch Obama?” - Dan
“I wish Obama had come out during his presidency as Muslim” - Danoh
“Damn thats a lot of white people” - Joe
“(To Ian) You have black friends?” - Micah
“It sounded like he was trying to not say the n word” - Micah
“My brain is malfunctioning” - Natalie
“Your assuming that death is bad” - Micah
“If child labour was a thing, child unemployment would go way down” - Erin
“Did you now that employ at google get free access to the search engine” “To sachinda?” - Joe/Micah
“I just declared war on capitalism” - Micah
“Harry do you have any chunks lying around” - Micah
“I need to make pulp for my fake orange juice” - Micah
“Louie's successor, Charles X. Isn't that the X Men dude” - Micah
“Massage? more like Miss Hodge” - Bryce
“Some APUSH kid yesterday” - Hodge
“It’s fine Jacobs Jewish” - Elizabeth
“I don't have to point out the hot girls at this school, Mr.Guess does it for me” - Danoh
“Imagine looking at this whiteboard. On aaaaaaccccccciiiiiiiidddddddd” - Danoh
“The next month 1 2 3” - Thomas
“What the heck are you doing” “ We’re having a rap battle” - Hodge/Danoh
“Bitchmoji” - Jacob
“In this class we only answer each other in song” - Elizabeth
“Did she just die?” - Joe
“Imagine if someone walked into OJ’s trial and just started singing ‘I’m guilty’” - Micah
“Wolverine the Musical” - Karissa
“Infinity war looks kinda weird” - Natalie
“Got that third wheel out of the way” - Elizabeth
“Knock knock. Whos there. The French Revolution” - Natalie
“APUSH the Musical” “Hamilton the director's cut”- Ian/Dan
“Kid you just killed everyone” - Adam
“You must be 18 or older to lead a successful revolution” - Adam
“So that's how Stephen Hawking got in a wheelchair” - Joe
“Its blackface!” - Joe
“This is like the meme where he wakes up after a coma” - Dan
“Its the next Cars movie, Cars University” - Dan
“I had a dream about a Cars fanfiction” - Micah
“How many bible fanfictions are we gonna read” - Dan
“How do you spell Mrs. Morgan’s first name” “M-r-s-period” - Sydney/Micah
“Man I love High School Musical: The Musical” - Joe
“You know what man. The ⅗’s compromises isn't that bad if you think about it” - Micah
“What if in the future they rule that Mark Zuckerberg is a person” - Dan
“The only thing better than an ode to death is an ode to meth” - Micah
“Kosher salt is like the Jews, flaky” - Aidan
“Are you telling me that our culture is getting bukkaked by every other culture around?” - Erin
“Jesus is good but G-d is a dick” - Micah
“Happy Singles Awareness Day”
“3 A’s, 2 B’s, 2 C’s, 5 D’s, 14 F’s” - Euro grades
“John Wilkes Booth was actually a vampire” - Thomas
“For lent I’m just giving up” - Ian
“It’s like McDonald’s but Christian” “That’s just Chick-fil-A” - Joe/Elizabeth
“Ash Wednesday, the day we celebrate Ash Ketchum” - Thomas
“Try to pay me? I’ll try to give a shit about my job” - Forbes
“Man I love Italians” - Joe
“It’s fucking raw” - Dan
“We have friends?” - Micah
“Yeah he was Neopolitan” - Hodge
“Well back to romantic love” - Hodge
“I wonder if that was a dead kid” - Hodge
“I worked at Kneaders. I baked Christ everyday” - Micah
“G-d is a furry” - Ian
“2 Kings 2:23-24” - G-d
“Jesus reformed G-d” - Joe
“They had an intervention” - Dan
“Jesus made Heaven great again” - Ian
“Jews versus Nazis cup pong” - Erin
“Harry you don't know that. You aren't an eagle” - Micah
“That helps cure my depression. Knowing I can tear out all my organs and be cured 30 days later” - Micah
“The Book Of Mormon is Rogue One” “Cause everyone dies” - Joe/Thomas
A New Hope = Old Testament, Empire Strikes Back = New Testament, Return of the Jedi = The Quran
“No more children!” - Micah”
“It depends if the rooster can rape the hens” - Elizabeth
Mr. Steven
“Of course there's red flags it’s the USSR” - Dan
“It wasn't a child it was an adult” - Jacob
“This is my duck tails fanfiction” - Shazer
“Make noun adjective again” - Ian
“A group of Croatians is called a murder” - Micah
“What if they called synagogues Jew zoos?” - Aidan
“How about we make NRA jokes today” “Shots fired” - Joe/Micah
“The USA is the mitochondria of curling” - Ian
“I am a mixed bag of Christianity” - Elizabeth
“Universal Malehood, who needs two genders” - Ian
“JFK had his ass handed to him by Lee Harvey Oswald” - Dan^2
“If we kill everyone, then the standard of living is infinite” - Dan
“Discontinue the race” - Harry
“Size doesn't matter. Population does” - Joe
“My dad when I’m LSD” - Elizabeth
“Or it could be LDS” - Hodge
“Not for you Jacob because you're Jewish” - Elizabeth
“Some genocide, its ok” “Everything's good in moderation” - Micah/Thomas
“Just don’t talk. That would help” - Micah
“Does anyone want to teach the class right now?” - Hodge
“Eczema? I dont think thats the same as hating Jews” - Micah
“Dad looks stoned” - Hodge
“Is she a furry?” - Hodge
“Hot diggity dog I want to die” - Micah
“Windows 10 killed my relationship with Tommy Wizow” - Elizabeth
“Let the men speak for the women” - Micah
“They didn’t have noses back then” - Erin
“Alexander the Third encouraged anti-sentimentalism” “So do you” - Hodge/Jacob
“Can I dress up as John Cena and just not come to school?” - Dan
“Can I dress up as Robin Williams and hang myself?” - Micah
“Puppies, not beastiality” - Jacob
“I tried child labor once” - Micah
“Whaah whaaah whaaah my pussy hurts” - Shazer
“Please don't give me lung cancer” - Jacob
“Don't all vampires have AIDS?” - Aidan
“Not only was there a Zebra, someone didn't see the Zebra” - Dan
“I’m so old I can't hear excuses” - Hodge
“You should use that on the Jews” - Micah
“You take a picture of the screen, print it out, and staple it to your computer” - Micah
